# Quotes

"Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great." -John D. Rockefeller

"I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have." -Thomas Jefferson

"I could only achieve success in my life through self-disipline, and I  applied it until my wish and my will became one " - [[Nikola Tesla]]

[[Arthur Schopenhauer]]"when we read, another person thinks for us:  we mearly reapeat his mental process... This is the case with many learned persons: they have read themselves stupidily" - [Arthur Schopenhauer - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arthur_Schopenhauer)

Wealth is like sea-water; the more we drink, the thirstier we become; and the same is true of fame. --Arthur Schopenhauer

Not everything that can be counted counts, and not everything that counts can be counted. --Albert Einstein

Courage is being scared to death, but saddling up anyway. --John Wayne

Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever. --Mahatma Gandhi

Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn’t do than by the ones you did do. --Mark Twain

It is our choices, that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities. --J. K Rowling

The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus. --Bruce Lee

Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success. --Dale Carnegie

The question isn’t who is going to let me; it’s who is going to stop me. --Ayn Rand

Don’t let the fear of losing be greater than the excitement of winning. --Robert Kiyosaki

You can’t connect the dots looking forward; you can only connect them looking backwards. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future. You have to trust in something – your gut, destiny, life, karma, whatever. This approach has never let me down, and it has made all the difference in my life. --Steve Jobs

Let no feeling of discouragement prey upon you, and in the end you are sure to succeed. --Abraham Lincoln

Screw it, Let’s do it! --Richard Branson

If your ship doesn’t come in, swim out to meet it! --Jonathan Winters

People often say that motivation doesn’t last. Well, neither does bathing – that’s why we recommend it daily. --Zig Ziglar

My old father used to have a saying:  If you make a bad bargain, hug it all the tighter. --Abraham Lincoln

No wealth can ever make a bad man at peace with himself. --Plato

My formula for success is rise early, work late and strike oil. --JP Getty

If we command our wealth, we shall be rich and free. If our wealth commands us, we are poor indeed. --Edmund Burke

Fortune sides with him who dares. --Virgil

It takes as much energy to wish as it does to plan. --Eleanor Roosevelt

Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm. --Winston Churchill

If plan A fails, remember there are 25 more letters. --Chris Guillebeau

Without continual growth and progress, such words as improvement, achievement, and success have no meaning. --Benjamin Franklin

Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. --Ralph Waldo Emerson

A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step. --Lao Tzu

Do the one thing you think you cannot do. Fail at it. Try again. Do better the second time. The only people who never tumble are those who never mount the high wire. This is your moment. Own it. --Oprah Winfrey

Believe you can and you’re halfway there. --Theodore Roosevelt

I’m only rich because I know when I’m wrong…I basically have survived by recognizing my mistakes. --George Soros

Persist – don’t take no for an answer. If you’re happy to sit at your desk and not take any risk, you’ll be sitting at your desk for the next 20 years. --David Rubenstein

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[Nikola Tesla]: ../Icons/Nikola Tesla "Nikola Tesla"
[Arthur Schopenhauer]: ../Icons/Arthur Schopenhauer "Arthur Schopenhauer"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
