# 2021-03-13

More techniques usually recommended for learners.

Feynman technique: Explain to yourself the topic you've been studying as if you were to teach someone. You will see that you won't be able to clearly convey some ideas, note them down. Study again those ideas. Explain another person, ask them which ideas were clearly conveyed and which confused them, find new ways to explain the confusing ones.

Anki cards: software implementation of flashcards to stimulate memorization via spaced repetition and active recall. Use this if you need to memorize particular concepts, imagine med school. After studying a concept you make new flashcards with question and answers and add them to some of your decks. Each day you're presented with cards from a deck and you rate the dificulty of remembering the answer (easy, med, high). Answers remembered easily get pushed further back, thus not apearing in the near future, harder to remember cards get closer positions, forcing you to remember them more frequently until they get stablished in you memory.

Notetaking: For more research based learning, there's a book called 'how to take smart notes' by Sönke Ahrens presents an interesting method for taking notes and it kickstarted a great movement inside the productivity community. The method was implemented by Niklas Luhmann and people set in for Zettlekasten (box of notes in german) as a name. The method is somewhat complex, so you might wanna do some research on the details, but the key concept is to keep making atomic notes (one note. one idea) as you learn, identify them with some sort of UUIDs, and make links between them using those. This connected individual notes will organically grow until you end up with a web of connected ideas that will show interactions between ideas you didn't expect to, while also working as a 2nd brain or extended memory.